Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
No! No! No! No!
Daddy, I want to go home!
No! No!
Here's Daddy. Here's Daddy.
It's just a bad dream,
sweetheart.
It's just a bad dream.
I got you.
I got you, sweetie.
It's gonna be all right.
It's all right.
Been a few weeks now
since the last one.
Beginning to think maybe
she's ready to get past it,
but last night,
man, it just...
It was awful.
Another nightmare, huh?
Yeah.
The whole thing--
the abduction...
and being locked
up in a cage...
and watching
Ian die and...
It just plays over and over
on a loop in her head.
And she can't...
It just never ends.
That son of a
bitch Ian, man.
He really got
under my daughter's skin.
She can't shake it.
Yeah.
We both know what it's like
not to want to close your eyes.
Only cure for that though
is time.
This is killing me.
I feel utterly helpless.
Every night, I pray to God
to take this thing off of her
and put it on me
'cause I can handle it.
This is my little girl.
She shouldn't
have to carry this.
You know what though, Lou?
Let me tell you something.
You're doing
the only thing you can do.
You're being there
for Samantha.
Knowing she's got
a father that loves her
and will do whatever it takes
to keep her safe...
that's exactly
what she needs right now.
Fool!
You've fallen
right into my trap!
Without you to protect them,
the people of Earth
will perish!
You better get in there
and help save Gotham.
Carpool's gonna be here
in ten minutes.
All right, you two warriors!
Let me see this!
Let's go, Supermen.
To school!
Capes down,
brush your teeth,
grab your backpacks.
I really appreciate you
rearranging your day like this.
I know it's a pain.
Hey.
Comes with the territory
when you are married
to a real superhero.
I'll make it up to you tonight.
Mm.
I promise.
You always do.
I...
Not negotiable.
You have a long day
of surgery ahead.
Love you.
I love you, too.
I wish you could babysit
me every day, Poppy.
I wish I could, too, kiddo.
Are you gonna be here
after school?
Oh, you better
believe it.
Um, your parents
get home
around dinner time, eh?
What do you say we take them
to J.J. Dolan's for some pizza?
Cool.
We're gonna
have fun, Poppy.
We sure will.
Be a good boy.
You, too.
- Is the patient prepped?
- Yes.
Okay, go ahead and place
an A line and a central line
before he goes into the O.R.
Do you want me to call a...?
Yes, and then we can put
the ventricular drain
to stabilize
the intracranial bleeding.
How far out are you?
I'll be up in a minute.
I'm pulling into the garage now.
(Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays)
♪ Hawaii Five-O 5x12 ♪
Poina 'ole
(Not Forgotten)
Original Air Date on January 16, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Dig deep. You got this.
Keep breathing.
Okay?
Just a little further.
All right, push yourself now.
Push yourself.
Straight away, push yourself.
Go, Grace! Go!
Go! Push yourself, Grace!
That's it.
Hey.
That right there is what we call
a six-minute, 18-second mile.
That President's Physical
Fitness medal is in the bag.
You hear me?
Good, 'cause I didn't do
so hot last year.
Forget about last year.
This year's gonna be different.
Thanks for helping me,
Uncle Steve.
Danno says
the only thing he hates
more than swimming is running.
Don't worry
about Danno.
You know, it
scares me to think
what that guy's gonna be like
when he actually is
a grumpy old man.
That looks just like your car,
Uncle Steve.
Because it is my car.
Listen to me, you don't...
you don't move from this spot.
Okay? You don't talk
to anybody...
Okay, I won't.
Don't move, all right?
I won't, I won't. I promise.
Go!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch.
McGarrett.
All right, I'm on the way.
Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Don't hang up.
I need to report a stolen car.
It's mine.
Yo.
Hey.
Let me ask you a question.
Okay? At what point
did you think that it was
a good idea to leave
my innocent
12-year-old daughter alone
in a... in a deserted street
by herself?
When did you think
that was okay?
Good morning. I'm fine.
How are you though?
No.
No, no, no, no.
Don't do that, okay?
Answer the question.
What?
It's not like I left her
in the middle of Makaha.
Oh, right, right.
Huh?
Because deviants
and nutjobs
and psychopaths,
they only hunt victims
in-in high-crime neighborhoods.
Is that right?
She was never in
any danger, Danny.
I left for, like,
not even five minutes.
Okay? I mean...
you're overreacting
like usual.
Excu... I'm overreacting?
Yeah, you're over...
I'm sorry I don't
obsess over
every possible worst-case
scenario in life.
No, no. You obsess
over a death trap on wheels.
You know what?
That car is a classic.
Mind yourself.
Oh, please.
With the sales pitch. It's a
classic piece of junk, that car.
You know what that
car means to me.
Uh-huh.
Do you not?
All right, don't do that, okay?
You do something wrong,
and then somehow
you turn it around
and I'm the bad guy.
You are the bad guy.
You can't see
how you're the bad
guy in this?
No, I don't.
You guys still
seeing that therapist?
All right, you need
a few more sessions.
Our victim's name is
Dr. Christine DuPont.
She's a chief neurosurgeon
on staff here.
She was called in this
morning on her day off
to perform an emergency surgery.
Not only did the shooter
know the doctor's schedule,
he also knew the entire
hospital security system layout.
He managed to get
in and out of here
without once getting
his mug picked up on camera.
Commander,
you might want to take
a look at this.
Fell out of
the doctor's clothing.
It looks like
a through-and-through.
Copper-jacketed.
Probably nine-millimeter
semi-auto.
No shell casings
found at the scene.
Shooter must have policed
his own brass.
This was a well-planned hit.
Who puts a hit out
on a brain surgeon?
This might explain it.
Dr. DuPont was brought in
to operate on Paul Delano.
Who in the hell is that?
He's a, um,
organized crime guy
that we have a bad
history with.
He was brought in this morning
from Halawa Prison,
and according to the warden,
he went to the infirmary
last night complaining
of a severe headache.
The CAT scan showed
a slow-leaking
brain aneurysm, but because
of the delicate location
of the hemorrhage,
Dr. DuPont was the
best chance they had
of saving Delano's life.
Looks like somebody
didn't want that to happen.
Gang Intel in Halawa
has an informant
in general pop who says that
Delano has been bragging about
running his O.C. operations
from inside the prison.
Well, the easiest place to get
him would have been from inside,
so that kind of rules
out other inmates.
Mm-hmm. And the prison ward
here is well protected.
Taking out a surgeon
from the parking garage
was a much easier play.
You know, could be a
rival crew on the outside
looking to take out
some competition.
Yeah, or it could've been
one of Delano's crew
trying to move up
the chain of command.
Anyway, this guy's got
no shortage of enemies.
So that info on
our Vic coming in
to perform a surgery
on her day off,
that had to come from someone
on the hospital staff
or someone inside
Delano's inner circle.
Yep, I agree with you.
That's the only way that hit
could have been pulled off
as quickly as it was.
Mm-hmm. I had HPD put
a protection detail
on the surgeon who came in
to replace Dr. DuPont.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't Lieutenant
Chin Ho Kelly,
as I live and breathe.
Yeah, well, hopefully, that
won't be for too much longer.
How's what's left of the family?
Keep talking, all right?
I'm gonna do these nice people
a favor and open up
that big head of yours
before you get in the O.R.
What's going on here?
This man's about
to go into surgery.
Doc, I'd like you to meet
two of my dearest of friends.
This is Steve McGarrett
and Chin Ho Kelly.
They're two of
Five-O's finest.
My brother murdered Kelly's wife
two years ago-- he's
still sore about it.
Go figure.
Hey, Doc, we're gonna need
another minute with this guy.
He doesn't have another minute.
This man needs an operation now
or he could die.
In that case,
we need five more.
If you delay him,
and he dies,
that's murder.
I think it's best
if you wait outside.
Right now, let's go.
I like your style, boys.
As charming as ever.
What'd I just
tell you before?
I told you to shut up,
all right?
Your surgeon
was assassinated
in the parking lot this morning.
We think it was to take you out
by proxy.
Are you serious?
Do you actually think we want
to be here talking to you?
Wh-Who do you think
is behind it?
Well, that was my next question
for you.
I mean, you're the one
who's been
shooting your mouth off
in Halawa,
talking about running your shop
from the inside.
Why don't we start
with the people
who have more to gain
from seeing you dead than alive.
Present company excluded.
All right. All right.
The only thing I've been running
in the joint is my mouth.
I'm broke,
and there's no
organization left.
But as long as
those animals
think that I got some kind
of juice on the outside,
that's what keeps me alive
in that hellhole.
Now, this lady doc,
I understand
she was my best shot
at getting out of here alive.
If I knew who was
trying to whack me,
I would tell you,
but not because I like you.
Because if I have
to go back to Halawa,
I'm not gonna be
that hard to find.
Your minute's up.
This is
absolutely outrageous.
He's all yours, Doc.
You know, Kelly,
if I do happen
to make it out,
I would be very, very interested
in seeing you again
on the outside sometime.
You know where to find me.
Oh, you bet your ass I do.
Uh, but, uh...
should I not make it,
I'll be sure to say hello
to your wife for you.
Who would want
to kill Christine?
Well, at first we believed
it was to prevent her
from operating on a convict
who had a lot of enemies.
But we've since found out
that's not the case.
It just doesn't
make any sense.
Did you notice
any unusual behavior
from your wife recently?
Uh, she stayed late
at the office
a couple of
nights last week.
She said she
had to check
on some... something
personal for a patient.
Did she happen to say
what that is?
Mr. DuPont,
are you sure that
your wife didn't mention
anything about this?
Even the smallest thing
can be important.
No.
I-I'm sorry.
W-With two kids and both
of us working full-time,
we barely saw each other
during the week,
and when we did, we-we really
tried not to talk shop.
She was gonna fill me in
this weekend.
W-We had plans
to take the boys to the beach.
What do I tell them?
Recognize this theme?
I didn't think so.
It's "Merry Widow"
from Alfred Hitchcock's
Shadow of a Doubt,
written by
Dimitri Tiomkin, 1943.
Considered one of the greatest
psychological thrillers
of all time.
Ah, very nice, very nice.
Is that why were here, Max,
for movie trivia?
Just setting the mood.
Oh, that's nice.
This man was brought in
from the ICU
of the Kuakini Medical Center
last night
for a routine clinical autopsy.
He was recently diagnosed
with terminal brain cancer
while incarcerated
in the Oahu Correctional.
They deemed the tumor
to be inoperable,
so they sent him
to the ICU last week
for end-of-life care.
Okay, that's a good story, Max.
What does it have to do
with her murder?
Ah, in usual form, Detective,
you've managed to trample
on the punch line.
As I was about to say, before
I was so rudely interrupted,
was that Dr. DuPont
was also Mr. Tahni's surgeon.
Okay, well, I'm sure, Max,
that she operated
on many patients.
Tahni had a brain tumor.
She's a neurosurgeon.
That's what neurosurgeons do.
Yes, that is correct.
But what we have here is
more than just coincidence.
In fact, Hitchcock himself
would have been amused
at the strange confluence
of circumstances.
Really? Why is that?
Because cancer didn't kill
Mr. Tahni.
It was murder.
Behold.
As you can see
by the ruptured blood vessel
in the sclera, Mr. Tahni died
of asphyxiation.
The cotton fibers
that I recovered
from the trachea
and lungs tells me
that he was most likely
smothered to death by a pillow.
All right, so the night
before Dr. DuPont gets taken out
in the parking lot,
someone sneaks into the ICU
and takes out
one of her patients.
That can't be a coincidence.
These murders
are connected, right?
Okay, but why kill a man
who has less than
a week to live?
Son of a bitch.
It's not that bad, McGarrett.
It's not that bad?
There's no wheels on my car.
There's no physical damage
other than parts missing,
and those are all replaceable.
They're not replaceable.
Everything on this car
except for the windshield
is original from the factory,
just like the day my dad
brought it home.
There's a homeless encampment
on the beach not far from here.
Maybe somebody
saw something.
Listen, I want any spare units
canvassing the area
for anybody who may have seen
somebody driving her, all right?
I don't care what you got to do.
We got to find this guy.
You may also want
to look at this.
Whoever's been
stripping the car
left their tools behind.
I'm thinking they'll
probably be back for more.
You know what?
Leave it just where it is.
Duke, I want around-the-clock
surveillance on it.
Contact Auto Crime.
Have them canvass the area
for all the body shops
around here,
see if we can find the jackass
selling my parts.
Will do.
You want me to get CSU down here
to process first?
No, it's just
gonna attract
unnecessary attention.
What is all that?
This is a vintage automobile
survival kit.
What is he doing?
Not needing CSU.
Bingo.
Pua, run these prints
through AFIS.
See if we get a hit.
Right away.
Well, Tahni wasn't gonna win
any citizenship awards,
that's for sure.
This guy spent 40
of his 55 years on this planet
in some type
of correctional facility.
At age 14,
he spent two years at the
Wailea Reform School for Boys
after committing
multiple burglaries.
At age 16,
one month out of Wailea,
he committed a home invasion
robbery and murdered
the homeowner in the process.
That earned him a life sentence
at Oahu Correctional.
Prison records say that
he hasn't had contact
with the outside world
in several years now.
How'd he do inside?
Model prisoner,
kept to himself.
Doesn't sound like the kind of
guy who's had too many enemies.
Yeah, well,
neither did Dr. DuPont,
but we-we know they both had
at least one, right?
Hey, so I did a data pull
on Dr. DuPont's hospital
desktop computer
to see what she was working on
after hours.
So, she's doing
Internet searches
on five different people.
All she had to go on
were their names.
She could only find
information on one person.
Walter Russell.
So, he was never
convicted of a crime,
but he was charged
with felony official misconduct
back in '75 when he was a warden
of the Wailea Reform School.
Wait a minute, '75?
Russell was a warden
while Tahni was there.
Well, state investigators
were called in
after complaints
of kids being abused
and living under
horrible conditions.
So, it wasn't enough
to Russell to trial,
but he was forced to resign.
And a year later, the school
was shut down for good.
So, Tahni's on
his deathbed.
He's got no one,
and Dr. DuPont
is the first person to even
treat the guy like a human being
in years, so he has
his come-to-Jesus moment
before he finally
checks out for good.
He decides to spill the beans
about something that happened
in reform school back
in the day.
And the doctor
reaches out to Russell,
not realizing he's involved,
and Russell clips them both.
- That's a theory.
- It's more than that, actually,
'cause Dr. DuPont placed a call
from her cell phone
to Russell's house
two days ago,
and they talked
for a few minutes.
Yeah, the cell phone that was
never found at the crime scene.
Her husband said she kept it
with her all the time.
Well, that means
whoever killed her
took that cell phone
trying to cover their tracks.
Fong pinged the phone.
It's been turned off.
Well, I have the carrier pulling
files and records
from the cloud.
All right, give me
a last known address on Russell.
Let's dig a little deeper
into these other four names
that Dr. DuPont
was researching.
Maybe Russell
wasn't acting alone.
How bad is your car?
It's bad.
Scale of one to ten?
Don't do this.
What am I doing?
Don't trivialize my suffering.
What? I'm gauging the damage of
that piece of junk car of yours.
You just did it again.
All right.
Talk about something else.
Let's talk about something
that you are more familiar with.
Like, uh, child endangerment,
let's talk about that.
Okay.
I wouldn't have left
your daughter
if you'd have been doing
your job as a father.
How about that?
Wow, okay.
I don't like to run.
All right?
Who doesn't like to run?
I said I don't like to run.
It's a rhetorical
question.
♪ ♪
Whoa.
What is that? I hate it when
you do that. What is that?
You would have hated this more.
Ah, I see.
You're welcome.
Lou,
I got a booby trap.
This guy doesn't like company.
Copy that.
You're not kidding.
Drop the gun.
My man, just relax.
Shut up.
Relax.
You are
trespassing, sir.
Yes, technically,
you're right.
But I'm a cop.
So that cancels
your no visitors policy.
What are you
doing here, cop?
I just want to ask you
a few questions, Mr. Russell.
Just some questions.
Oh, it's the lady doctor.
That's what this
is about, right?
Hmm?
She should have just
left it alone.
It was none of her business.
It was none of her business!
Did I tell you they
ruined my life, huh?
They ruined it.
But that wasn't
enough for her, no.
Wasn't enough!
Not for her.
She couldn't
just let it sit.
She had to
hurt me, huh?
She loved to hurt.
You didn't come
alone, did you?
How many?
Enough to make sure
that when this thing ends,
you get dragged out of here
in a body bag.
Make them go away.
Gentlemen!
Gentlemen,
let's just step back.
Mr. Russell just
wants to talk.
So everybody chill.
Let's hear what
he's got to say.
You make them go away.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
What are you doing?
You're welcome. Again.
One, two, three. Lift.
You know,
for some very strange reason--
I don't know why--
this whole thing
reminds me of an Easter egg hunt
that we had at Steve's.
I could not find, uh, this egg
that I hid for Grace.
Well, in this case,
the consequences
seem slightly more dire.
Hey.
Yeah.
"Chlorprozamine."
So Russell was either bipolar,
schizophrenic or both.
Either way, the guy
was off his meds.
This bottle hasn't
been touched.
Prescription was filled
a few months ago.
Well, he seemed pretty sane
rambling about Dr. DuPont
when he had that shotgun
leveled at your head.
Well, he was ready for us.
Whatever DuPont was digging
around for, he knew what it was.
All right, look, these were
two well-planned murders.
A guy in his mental state,
living the way he did,
there's no way he had
the capacity to pull them off.
Hey.
So HPD just spoke to one
of the neighbors up the block.
She went driving by
earlier this morning
and saw Russell
working in the yard
about the same time
that the doc was murdered.
All right, look, we need to dig
deeper into Russell's life.
But if he didn't pull
the trigger on Dr. DuPont,
I bet he knew who did.
Kono, what do you got?
Dr. DuPont used
a voice memo app on her phone
to record patient notes.
I recovered those audio files
from the cloud.
Most of it is
just doctor-patient
related stuff,
but about a week ago,
she recorded this conversation
between her and Tahni.
I was born nothing,
and I'm gonna die nothing.
That's not true, Mr. Tahni.
You might have made
some bad choices in life,
but everybody's life
has meaning.
No.
No, I'm a bad person, Doc.
I done some horrible things.
Most of my life,
I didn't give a damn
about nobody.
But I liked those four boys
I told you about.
They looked out for me.
They wasn't rotten
like most of us in there.
They steal is all.
Mostly 'cause
they didn't have nothing
and no family
to keep them right.
I'm sorry, Mr. Tahni,
but I don't understand
why you're telling
me all this.
Or why you want me to
record our conversation.
For proof.
Proof of what?
I never had nobody
I could trust.
You can trust me.
Did something happen
to those boys?
I'm pretty sure
they were murdered.
The four boys
that he's talking about
are the same four names
that Dr. DuPont was researching.
Exactly.
They were all juvenile offenders
locked up with Tahni
in the Wailea Reform School
back in the '70s.
According to the tapes, the four
boys escaped from the school
back in June of 1974.
They stole a car
that was belonging
to one of the guards,
and then they burglarized
a bunch of homes
on the other side of the island.
The car was recovered,
but the boys were
supposedly never found.
What do you mean,
"supposedly"?
Well, the night
after they escaped,
Tahni woke up to some noise
outside his window.
Shut up and keep moving.
He saw the boys being led
across the yard, shackled,
into a basement dungeon
that the guards used
as solitary confinement.
They were being led there
by a guard
that Tahni only knew
by his nickname:
"Huhu."
"Angry."
Ah.
A story about a prison guard
named "Angry" does not end well.
It doesn't.
At first,
Tahni didn't think much
of the boys
being led to solitary.
It was just
normal punishment.
But then a few nights later,
he overheard an argument
between Huhu and another man
that he thought
could have been Russell.
Well, what if someone
saw you bringing them back?
Trust me, no one did.
What do we say
if the family comes around
asking about them?
They won't.
And even they did, they escaped.
Simple as that.
You can't just make
four boys disappear.
I already did.
Tahni never saw
those boys again.
This guy,
Alex Mackey, was the one
that everyone called Huhu.
He was the guard on duty
the night the boys escaped.
It was his car that they stole.
And he was the last one
to see those boys alive.
Sounds like he was the first
one to see them dead, too.
Yeah. It actually gets better.
So, after the school shut down,
Mackey went to work
at Kuakini Medical Center
as a maintenance man for the
next 36 years until he retired
in 2011.
Okay, that explains
how he, uh, knew his way
around the hospital
and had access
to Dr. DuPont's schedule.
There's no
public record
of any of those boys
beyond the night
they escaped from the school.
It's like they just dropped off
the face of the earth
after that night.
All right,
so Tahni heard Russell say,
"You can't just make
four kids disappear."
There's a chance their bodies
never left those grounds.
Busy day.
Murder in the morning,
school pickups
- in the afternoon.
- Poppy!
Hey, kiddo, how was school?
Alex Mackey.
Alex Mackey, come with me.
What are you doing?
Take it easy.
Come on.
Not in front of the kids.
That's my grandson.
That's your grandson?
Hey, look at me.
There's two kids up at
Diamond Head right now,
and their mother's not coming home
for dinner, you son of a bitch.
Now come on.
Come on, Huhu.
So, you are a very special,
special tough guy, right?
I mean, you go after,
uh, an innocent mother,
a respected doctor,
bunch of defenseless kids,
guy with cancer
on his deathbed.
You ever go after anybody
who actually
could defend themselves?
You would be my first.
Okay.
Why don't you do
yourself a favor, Alex,
make it easy on yourself.
We know what you did.
We know why you did it.
We just want to know where,
that's all.
It's over, you understand?
Where are the bodies?
It's not over.
You got nothing on me.
That's why I'm here, isn't it?
You got no witnesses,
no proof
that I killed the doctor,
that-that punk murderer,
those kids-- nothing.
Go ahead,
search my house,
search my car,
search whatever you like.
You won't find nothing.
Look, I don't think
you understand something, okay?
That woman
that you murdered,
she's no different
than your daughter, okay?
She's got a husband,
she has kids the same age
as your grandson.
That's a very sad story,
Detective.
Sounds like she owed it
to those kids
to mind her own damn business.
Maybe she'd be alive
if she still did.
Yeah, Kono,
what do you got?
Is that right?
No, that's great. Listen.
Call me back when
you confirm, okay?
You should hang on to
that attitude as long
as you can, pal, 'cause I'm
pretty sure the next call I get
is, uh... is gonna wipe that
stupid smirk off your face
for a very long time.
Let me see you for a sec.
♪ ♪
Your thief came back
to the car this morning.
There was a chase.
We caught him hiding
at the homeless encampment
near the beach.
The prints from
the Marquis were a match.
Hey.
What's your name?
Nahele.
I have to call your parents,
all right?
My mom is dead
and my dad is in prison.
When's the last time
you had something to eat?
I don't know.
Get him some food,
some new clothes.
Yes, Commander.
I'm sorry.
I-I've never stolen
anything before.
It's just that
I was so hungry.
It's all right.
Just take it easy.
How long you been
on the street?
A few months.
They tried to put me in one of
those homes after my mom died,
but I couldn't
stay there.
So I ran away.
Hey, boss.
You need to see this.
All right.
Get him fed
and get him cleaned up,
and then, uh, just keep him here
until I get back.
Copy that.
Commander,
after a thorough examination,
I've determined that
each of our young victims
were suffering from acute
dehydration and starvation
in the days leading up to
and at the time of their deaths.
Take a look at this.
The week they disappeared was
one of the hottest
on record for Oahu.
Daytime temps hovered in the
mid-90s for five straight days.
And...
this is the basement
that the school used
as solitary confinement.
The same one
that Tahni saw the boys being
led into the night
they returned.
No windows, no ventilation.
Must have been
unbearable down there.
In that kind of heat,
left in a poorly ventilated
space, without food or water
for a significant
amount of time would be
equivalent to leaving an infant
in a car
with a rolled-up window
in the middle of the summer.
As a result
of all these findings,
I'm listing
the official cause of death
as homicide.
Place sucks, huh?
Enjoy it 'cause
it's, uh, the Ritz-Carlton
compared to
where you're going.
See, we found those boys
up at that school.
We also found
enough evidence
to throw your sorry ass
in Halawa
for the rest
of your life.
You didn't even have the decency
to take the shackles
off those kids
before you buried them.
Huhu?
We're not bluffing.
Nobody gave a rat's ass
about those kids.
Nobody!
But that nosy doctor
couldn't leave it alone.
It was over.
Forgotten about! Done!
No, you're wrong, actually.
You see, Tahni remembered,
and for the first time
in his miserable life,
he decided to do something good.
Piece of garbage.
Useless, worthless punk.
You know the world is a better
place without those kids.
You know it is!
I don't know... I don't know
about that, but what I do know
is that you are
going to die in prison,
a "useless,
worthless punk"
that I'm pretty sure
nobody cares about.
I'm done.
Thanks, Pua.
You know what that is?
That's a criminal complaint
for felony grand larceny auto,
charging you with
the theft of my car.
I-I understand, sir. And...
when I get out of jail,
promise I'll pay you back...
Hold on, hold on.
I'm not done.
The only thing missing
from this is my signature.
I'm gonna make you
the deal of a lifetime.
All right?
This is what's gonna happen.
First, we're gonna go
to all the body shops,
get back all the parts
you sold off.
And then you and me,
we're gonna put my car back
together exactly the way it was
before you took it.
As long as you keep
your nose clean,
this complaint stays
in my drawer, unsigned.
You understand?
Yes. Thank you.
Don't thank me yet.
I got eyes and ears
all over this island.
If I hear one incident,
you step out of line
one time for the smallest
thing, I don't care
what it is, I'm
gonna find you.
And I'm not gonna be the nice
guy sitting across the desk
from you today.
Do you understand?
Yes. Thank you.
This is your second
chance, Nahele, all right?
Could be... could be
your last chance.
Don't blow it, buddy.
Take advantage of it.
I will, sir. I promise.
I won't let you down.
You'll see.
All right.
♪ ♪
Yeah, girl power.
That's what
I'm talking about.
You should be really proud,
Grace. That's a very big deal.
Believe it or not,
I was a former
recipient.
Really? Wow. You should
call Ripley's if that's true.
Hey, guys,
I got bad news.
Delano has been officially
released from the ICU
and is expected to
make a full recovery.
Well, we can still
hope for stomach cancer.
Ooh, that's cold, cuz.
I'd settle for a shiv
in the lunch line.
What's a shiv?
Hey. Look who's
sporting the hardware.
You are looking at
the number one girl
in her age group
on the entire island.
What did I tell you, huh?
No thanks to Marathon Man
here though, right?
Whoa.
Listen, I helped with everything
except the running part, okay?
He did, Uncle Steve, really.
Okay. Guess we cut him
some slack then, huh?
Hey, Steve,
He did, Uncle Steve, really.
He's doing all right.
All right, who's hungry?
Let me have some of that.
Hang on a second,
Samantha.
What is it, Dad?
Sweetheart, you know
I love you, right?
Of course I do.
All right.
And you know that
if I could have,
I would've done
anything in the world
to keep that stuff
from happening to you.
I'm afraid there's nothing
I can do to change that now.
The only thing that
can change now
is you.
And that's
gonna take time.
Just like your
body had to heal,
your mind has
to heal, too,
and... you might have
another bad night or two.
I'm not gonna promise you
you're gonna forget
all about this one day,
but I can promise you
it's gonna get easier.
You know, I can promise you
that we will get through this...
as a family.
Your mother,
your brother,
me and you.
And I want you to know
that whether I'm in
the next room or not,
I'm always there for
you, little mama.
Always.
All right.
You hungry?
I'm starving.
All right, come
on, let's go eat.
Hi! Look who
came in first.
Wow, you really did it.
That's awesome. Congrats.
Nice work, Gracie.
Thanks for giving
the kid a job.
Sure thing, brah.
Although I got to rethink the
free employee lunch policy.
Why is that?
It doesn't look like it,
but the boy can eat.
Keiki's cutting into
my profit like mad.
But other than that,
he's a good kid.
Thank you, bruddah.
No sweat.
Mahalo.
Any time, bruddah.
Best grinds in town.
You know what you are?
This should be good.
Uh... you're a-a
half-baked cookie.
Soft, gooey
on the inside.
Kid should be
in juvenile hall
and you go and you
give him a job.
That's why I
love you, man.
You, uh... you like
fixing broken toys, right?
Yeah. I guess I do.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org